DIV-LARGELIST

* Born 1983 - fundamentals of science, engineering and computers right through scool.
* Voracious reader, attached more to elders and always ready to take the road less travelled.
* Age 11 - learnt Basic on a Spectrum at home.
* Age 14 - Introduced to Wordstar and paper based ERP via Family business.
* Age 15 to 23 - Co designed multiple electronics end to end  hobbyist projects with help of an uncle. 
* Age 17 to 24 - Hooked full time to programming till my career began. Developed a number of windows applications and even a daily labourer searching MS Access driven app with tree based criteria, sql builder, saved searches (per tab) and html to render.
* Age 22 - Graduated as Engineer in Electronics, learnt web technologies, started thinking / ideating at both the country and global levels (tripping, religious appeal etc). Building on Individual, Social and all round welfare thoughts.
* Age 23 (2006) to 39 (2022) - Worked multiple IT companies, always adding immense technical, framework development and mentoring roles. Stayed a passionate hobbyist and freelancer.
* Age 30 (2013) - I was staying at the last resort in Frasertown Bangalore when a thought popped in my head - would we use our energies for better things if we treated every day as our last?
* 2 months later, I wrote a mandate, described a science of prescription that could help *anyone reach a health or growth goal*. Then spent the next 12 years posessed by the idea (like a man charging hell with a bucket and living to tell the tale).
* I had to dig into the various themes which meant writing, curating, publishing and even building the platform for it all which went on till Mar 2025.
* Age 41 (2025) A word of caution - "Funny how Falling seems like Flying even for a little while"

DIV-CLOSE

Ready for my second life (like they say - the second begins when you realise there is only one)

Feels like everything is coming together with the newly rewritten tech platform, sense of strength and resilience and dreams of "a whole new world".
